you mean more like a home wrecker
what you're right
the apple doesn't fall far from the tree
grandma if I recall
you were Grandpa's mistress yourself no
oh
you watch your mouth am I wrong mom
I mean Grandpa was married to grandma sister
and then she had an affair with Grandpa
and got pregnant with dad
is that why you two are so close
because you were late to one another
we are all business minded people here grandma
just because Jack was embarrassed
doesn't mean I should turn down a free lunch
that is not the Rose Way
and this necklace was worth $10 million
you telling me to turn down $10 million with the assets
makes me wonder
if you're the one bringing shame on the rose family
name you insulin brat
no no let's go
get back here you little bitch